# Prompts to initialise utils

- Create a utility script (called run-tests.sh) in ./utils which can run all unit tests
- Create a utility script (called get-solution-coverage.sh) in ./utils which runs code coverage using all unit tests.  The script should store any intermediate coverage files to a uniquely named folder under ".coverage" folder which is to be located at the project root.  The script should output JSON in the format { lineCoveragePercentage: 0, branchCoveragePercentage: 0 } replacing the values lineCoveragePercentage and branchCoveragePercentage with values extracted from the coverage report.  Verify the output to ensure both values are non zero.  The script should cleanup any temporary coverage files.
- Create a utility script (called save-solution-coverage.sh) which calls get-solution-coverage.sh and writes or replaces the result into a file called coverage.json located at the root folder.
- Create a utility script (called get-project-dependency-order.sh) which returns a JSON array, where each item in the array has the format {name: "", path: "", isTestProject: true}. The output should be ordered to show the projects with the fewest dependees at the start, and the projects with the most dependees at the end.  To determine this order the script should internally determine the project graph hierarchy and then select the leaf nodes first and work its way up the tree to the root node.
- Create a utility script (called run-project-coverage.sh) which runs code coverage for all the unit tests within a single project, it should return a simple JSON parsable array.  The array item should be in the format { name: "MyName", path: "", lines: {covered: 123, notCovered: 123 } }.  The "name" should be the name of the class, the "path" should be the full file path relative to root.  The array should be ordered so that items with larger notCovered appear at the start.  The script should accept an optional limit parameter which reduces the final array output length to that size, the default limit value should be 5.  The script should accept the full project filepath relative to the root.  Ensure that the output "path" from the get-project-dependency-order.sh script works as the input to this script.  The script should store any intermediate coverage files to a uniquely named folder under ".coverage" folder which is to be located at the project root.
- Create a utility script (called get-least-covered-files.sh) which accepts an optional limit parameter.  It should internally run the get-project-dependency-order.sh script and iterate over the returned project list items which are not test projects.  It should run the run-project-coverage.sh script on each item one at a time.  After getting the response from run-project-coverage.sh it should filter out any items which have "notCovered" values of 0 and append the remaining items which have non zero "nonCovered" into an array.  If array length exceeds the passed in limit value or all projects have been searched then the script should return the array with its length truncated to the limit value.  The output format should be the same as the run-project-coverage.sh script. Verify that the script generates the correct output. Only use the utils scripts I've mentioned here for this task.
- Create a utility script (called get-file-coverage.sh) which takes the filepath of a file as input.  That argument is the target file to be covered.  There may or may not be an associated test file dedicated to providing unit testing and coverage to that target file.  If a unit test file is found then code coverage should be run just for that target file and the response returned.  The output should just be the complete coverage output. If a unit test file is not found then the output should state that the target file has no test coverage.  When generating the script ensure that a filepath extracted from the output of get-least-covered-file.sh script can be used as input to this script. The script should store any intermediate coverage files to a uniquely named folder under ".coverage" folder which is to be located at the project root.  Please note, that Coverage XML may contain just the filename, relative path, or full path so ensure that matching works for those cases.
- Create a utility script (called create-unit-test-issues.sh) which runs get-least-covered-files.sh passing in a limit parameter of 10.  For each item in the returned array you should create a new github issue with the title "Create unit tests for {NAME}" where {NAME} is replaced with the value of the "name" property on the item.  The description of the issue should be the JSON string for this item.  Ensure the script works correctly by running with limit 1 verifying that the issue has been created, once verified the temporary issue should then be set to done.
- Create a utility script (called begin-issue.sh) which finds a GitHub issue in GraphlessDB project which has a status of "Todo".  It should update the issue status to "In Progress" and return the issue number in the script output.  To verify that the script works you should run it against an existing issue, if it works then set the test issue status back to "Todo" again.

